To:
Subject:
Message from Special Service HQ
Your second transfer student will arrive on 6/15.
He is our long-awaited trump card.
There will be no need for an advance briefing;
simply comply with his attendant's wishes.
Understood.
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst sei sei
seishun satsubatsuron shun shun sa sa tsu tsu ba ba
tsu tsu ron ron Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
seishun satsubatsuron
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
We only speak of it when we're getting into action ku
kuchi ni dasu no wa jikkou suru toki
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
ku kuchi ni dasu no wa jikkou suru toki
Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 13 Sugino Tomohito
Student No. 11 Shiota Nagisa
Student No. 6 Kataoka Megu Student No. 7 Kayano Kaede
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto da da
chi chi Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
ni ni Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto no no
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto wa wa
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ji ji
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto k k
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ko ko
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto u u
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ru ru to to ki ki
Because we know it's cool that way
sore ga kakkoii koto shitteru sa sa sa ga ga shi shi
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We only speak of it when we're getting into action
kuchi ni dasu no wa jikkou suru toki so so
Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 17 Nakamura Rio
Student No. 19 Hayami Rinka
Student No. 2 Isogai Yuuma
Student No. 23 Mimura Kouki
Student No. 3 Okajima Taiga
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ka ka
kuchi ni dasu no wa jikkou suru toki
re re Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
ga ga Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke k k
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ko ko
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke i i
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke to to
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke shi shi
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke t t
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke te te
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We'll find our target and unleash our bloodthirst
target sagashite bokura wa satsubatsu o o
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ru ru
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke tar tar sa sa get get
te te bo bo ku ku ra ra wa wa sa sa tsu tsu ba ba
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless tsu tsu
omoi wa mayou mayoedo susumu
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless
target sagashite bokura wa satsubatsu mo mo i i
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
wa wa Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 9 Kimura Masayoshi
Student No. 10 Kurahashi Hirano
Student No. 8 Kanzaki Yukiko
Student No. 25 Yada Touka m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
ma ma Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka u u
Student No. 25 Yada Touka ma ma
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
Student No. 25 Yada Touka e e
Student No. 25 Yada Touka do do
Student No. 25 Yada Touka su su
Student No. 25 Yada Touka mu mu
Student No. 25 Yada Touka
We can barely walk straight We can barely walk straight
migite to migiashi issho ni desou da na na n n na na n
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
mi mi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 24 Muramatsu Takuya
Student No. 16 Terasaka Ryouma
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei to to
Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
gi gi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
te te Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei mi mi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei gi gi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei a a
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei shi shi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei i i
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei s s
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei sho sho
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei ni ni
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei de de so so u u
Student No. 27 Ritsu Student No. 27 Ritsu
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
da da Student No. 27 Ritsu Student No. 27 Ritsu
Student No. 1 Akabane Karma
Student No. 12 Sugaya Sousuke
Student No. 20 Hara Sumire Student No. 5 Okuda Manami
We can barely walk straight
What is this wave of nervousness?
nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
n da da i i ra ra i i ra ra no no ha ha do do
Is it a proof of our existence?
bokura no sonzai no shoumei u u wa wa
bo bo nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
ku ku ra ra no no so so n n za za i i no no sho sho u
u me me i i It surges as we look up into the moon tsu
tsu tsuki wo miage takamaru Crescent Moon
Crescent Moon ki ki Crescent Moon wo wo
Classified Information mi mi Classified Information a
a The "End" Class ge ge ta ta Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success ka ka Superbeing ma ma ru ru
Destruction Destruction Kunugigaoka Junior High School
Kunugigaoka Junior High School Mach Mach
Now, let's get this assassination started saa saa
saa saa sassassatto start Mach Mach Mach Mach Mach saa
saa Lessons        Teacher sa sa
Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom ssa ssa Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom ssa ssa tto tto start start
Now, let's get this assassination started
saa saa sassassatto start
We can't stand still because we're not done
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai ya ya ri ri ki ki tte
tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki ki re re nai
nai We can't stand still because we're not done
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai ya ya ri ri ki ki tte
tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki ki re re nai
nai m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de ya ya
We start off whispering about overthrowing the status quo
ge ge n n jo jo u u da da ha ha wo wo chi chi i i sa
sa na na ko ko e e de de m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
yagate zekkyou shitaku naru aa
But soon enough we'll feel like crying out, "Argh!"
genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de ga ga te te ze ze k k
kyou kyou shi shi ta ta ku ku na na ru ru aa aa
We can't stand still because we're not done
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai ya ya ri ri ki ki tte
tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki ki
We can do it if we try yareba dekiru sa re re nai nai
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai ya ya ri ri ki ki tte
tte na na i i ka ka We can do it if we try
yareba dekiru sa We can do it if we try
yareba dekiru sa ra ra We can do it if we try
yareba dekiru sa ya ya ri ri ki ki re re Yes, we can
kitto dekiru sa nai nai Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa n n ta ta
It's easy to say it's all futile and give up
douse to iu no wa kantan dakedo dou dou se se to to iu
iu no no wa wa Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa ka ka
Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
n n da da ke ke do do But for now we want to fight it
i i ima wa agaite mitain da
Special Anti-teacher Bullets ma ma
Special Anti-teacher Bullets wa wa a a ga ga
Class Change i i te te mi mi ta ta Slithery Snicker i
i Slithery Snicker n n da da
We want to have a blast with you ki ki
kimi to hajikete mitain da mi mi to to ha ha ji ji ke
ke te te mi mi ta ta i i n n da da
And we will still reach the future sa sa
saredo seishun wa mirai e go re re do do sei sei shun
shun wa wa mi mi rai rai e e go go
And we will still reach the future
saredo seishun wa mirai e go
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Let's go m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa Let's go
saa saa saa Let's go saa saa saa
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
seishun satsubatsuron sei sei shun shun sa sa tsu tsu
ba ba tsu tsu ron ron
seishun satsubatsuron
Episode Transfer Student Time 2nd Period
All right, class, time for homeroom.
Please take your seats.
He seems... larger than life today.
Korosensei, can you explain why your head is approximately thirty-three percent bigger?
Ah.
It's soaked up lots of moisture thanks to the high humidity.
Korosensei's Weak Point #14:
Prone to dampness What are you, uncooked rice?!
Now, then.
I believe Karasuma-sensei told you another transfer student is coming.
Yeah. Probably another assassin.
I got into a spot of bother taking Ritsu-san too lightly last time.
I won't make that mistake again.
In any case, it'll be nice for you to have a new classmate.
Hey, Ritsu, have you heard anything?
You know, as a fellow transfer assassin?
Yes, a little.
Originally, he and I were to be introduced together.
I would handle long-range attacks,
and he, close-range combat.
Together, we'd drive Korosensei into a corner.
However, those orders were canceled for two reasons.
Really? What were they?
Firstly, his adjustments took longer than expected.
And secondly... I lack the capability to provide him support.
As an assassin, I am overwhelmingly inferior to him.
This coming from Ritsu, who blew off Korosensei's finger.
What kind of monster is this guy?
What's with the outfit?
Is that the new student?
Sorry. Didn't mean to frighten you.
I'm not the new student. I'm his guardian.
You can call me "Shiro," meaning "white."
Some guy all in white comes in doing tricks? That'd spook anyone!
Maybe not Korosensei, but—
Korosensei, you scaredy-cat!
He's spooked enough to use his liquefy trick!
Korosensei's Weak Point #15:
Gullible about rumors
Well, Ritsu-san was telling all those scary stories!
N-Nice to meet you, Shiro-san.
And where is our new student?
It's a pleasure, Korosensei.
He's a rather unique child, in personality and otherwise.
I'll introduce him myself.
He's awfully evasive.
Yes?
Oh, just... You've got good kids here.
I'm sure he'll fit right in.
Now to introduce him:
Hey, Itona!
Come on in.
I won.
I proved that I'm stronger than that classroom wall.
Use the damn door!
That's all that matters. That's all.
We've got ourselves another handful!
Even Korosensei doesn't know how to react.
He's not smiling... not serious...
What's with that half-assed expression?!
This is Horibe Itona. Please call him Itona.
A white-clad guardian and a transfer student who's impossible to read.
We're in for some extra-stormy weather.
Say, Itona-kun, something's been bugging me.
You came in from outside, right? Empty-handed?
It's raining buckets out there, and yet there's not a drop of it on you.
You're probably the strongest one in this class.
But don't fret.
I have no interest in killing those weaker than me.
The only ones I do want to kill...
are those who could be stronger than me.
And in this classroom, Korosensei... Jelly of my jelly?
That's you.
When you say "strong" and "weak," do you refer to fighting ability, Itona-kun?
In terms of strength, you and I are worlds apart.
We're closer than you think.
After all...
We're brothers by blood.
B—
Brothers?!
The loser dies, Brother.
Siblings have no need for cheap tricks.
I will kill you and prove my strength.
We face off after school. Here, in this classroom.
Now hang on, Sensei! What's this "brother" stuff?!
Humans and octopuses are nothing alike!
No! No no no!
I haven't the foggiest! I was born and raised an only child!
When I asked my folks for a little brother,
So, to maintain our standard of living...
things got really awkward!
Wait, you have parents?!
Staff Room
Are they really siblings?
Or is this merely a tactic to shake him up?
Sorry to startle you, Karasuma-sensei.
That boy's existence is the most classified of classified information.
It wasn't unreasonable for you to be in the dark here.
But I assure you: he is indeed Korosensei's brother.
And after school, that will become extremely evident.
He's puttin' away that candy like nobody's business.
He's got Korosensei's sweet tooth, all right.
Not to mention his unreadable expression.
That brothers thing sure has everyone comparing the two of us.
Now I'm all antsy.
I'll cheer myself up by looking at the girly magazine I bought today.
Ah, now this is for grown-up tastes!
They even like the same big boobs!
His credibility just skyrocketed!
Y-You think so, Okajima-kun?
Oh, yeah!
All boob lovers are brothers!
Three brothers now?!
If they really are brothers... then why wouldn't Korosensei know?
I bet it went like this...
Your Highness,
the enemy army is upon us!
Then I have no choice!
My sons!
You alone must live on!
Go on ahead, my brother!
This bridge is the last thing that stands between us and freedom!
Brother!
Never mind me! Just go!
My brother! Go forth and live!
And once they grew up, they began their destined battle
without realizing they were brothers!
Okay. But why's the little brother human?
Um, like... a mutation?
You haven't explained the core issue here!
You gotta dig deeper on your character backgrounds, Fuwa-san.
And your plot needs a lot more work!
There's more to a story than being realistic!
More realism!
They arranged their desks into a ring?
Yep. Like a real match.
I've never heard of anyone going about an assassination like this.
You must be sick of plain old assassinations, Korosensei.
Shall we set a rule, then?
How about... "Stepping out of the ring means instant death."
What do you think?
The hell? As if the loser would ever keep their end of the bargain.
No, for him to break a rule we all witnessed would damage our trust in him as a teacher.
That kind of restriction works especially well with this guy.
All right. I accept your rule.
However, Itona-kun, hurting the spectators will also result in a loss.
Very well. Start on my signal.
Assassination...
begin!
Our eyes were all pinned to one spot—
and it wasn't our teacher's shorn-off arm.
It can't be...
Tentacles?!
Itona-kun's hair...
is tentacles!
Oh, so that's how he stayed dry empty-handed in that rain—
he can bat away the drops with his tentacles.
Where?
Where did you get those...
those tentacles?!
We're not obligated to tell you that, Korosensei.
But this ought to have convinced you:
You have different parents and different upbringings,
but you are nonetheless brothers.
My, what a scary face you're making.
Did you perhaps remember something unpleasant?
It would appear that you and I will need to have a little talk.
Unfortunately, you'll be dead by then.
Exposure to this pressure ray at close range
triggers dilatant behavior in your cells.
Your whole body stiffens instantly.
We know everything. All of your weak points.
Did he get him?
No.
Look up!
You've shed your skin?
That's right. You did have that trick up your sleeve.
However, Korosensei,
we also know the downside of that process.
Molting expends more energy than one would expect.
m 0 0 l 1920 0 1920 1080 0 1080
Korosensei's Weak Point #16:
Vulnerable after molting Vulnerable after molting
Consequently, the speed you're so proud of drops immediately afterward.
And you've grown back the arm that Itona took in his first surprise attack.
m 0 0 l 1920 0 1920 1080 0 1080
Korosensei's Weak Point #17:
Vulnerable after regeneration
That uses up quite a bit of stamina as well.
By my calculations, you should be evenly matched physically around now.
Moreover, use of tentacles depends greatly on one's mental state.
m 0 0 l 1920 0 1920 1080 0 1080
Korosensei's Weak Point #2:
Loses his composure rather easily.
And when one considers the shock of being injured by an unexpected tentacle,
it's obvious who's in the lead now.
Furthermore,
he has the support of his devoted guardian.
m 0 0 l 1920 0 1920 1080 0 1080
Korosensei's Weak Point #18:
Hardens upon exposure to a special beam
Now you'll have to grow back your legs too.
That'll drop your stamina even further, making you easier to kill.
What a relief.
Turns out I'm stronger than you, Brother.
He's got Korosensei on the ropes.
If they kill him... they'll save the world!
And yet... why am I so disappointed?
They're zeroing in on weak point after weak point as though they know his every move.
But honestly?
We wanted to find those out for ourselves.
Prefers chocolate bamboo-shoot cookies
m -150 -150 b -67.5 -232.5 67.5 -232.5 150 -150 232.5 -67.5 232.5 67.5 150 150 69 232.5 -67.5 232.5 -150 150 -232.5 67.5 -232.5 -67.5 -150 -150
Prefers chunky red-bean paste Eats the strawberry last
And we wanted to kill him!
Your legs have regenerated, I see.
Now, can you withstand the next onslaught?
This is the first time anyone's pressed me this hard.
At first glance, it seemed like a straightforward face-off,
but it's all been so carefully calculated.
There's a lot I'd like to ask you two, but I won't get a chance unless I win this first.
You still think you can win?
The bluster of a cornered octopus, no more.
There is one thing you forgot to take into account, Shiro-san.
There is not. My methods are impeccable.
Kill him.
What's this?
You seem to have stepped on something.
When did he...
If our tentacles are the same, then these anti-teacher knives should work the same too.
And the loss of a tentacle unnerves us both.
But I'm a little more seasoned than you.
You should be unharmed, wrapped in my old skin like that.
But your feet are outside the ring.
I win. As per the rules, that means you die.
You can't kill me anymore.
If you want to live, stay with the other students of this class,
and learn something that can't be measured just by crunching numbers:
the difference experience makes.
I've lived a little longer than you, and come to know a little more.
I became a teacher because I wanted to pass that on to you all.
If you don't take my experience from me here in this classroom,
you'll never be able to beat me.
I won't? I...
I'm weak?!
This isn't good. Itona absolutely despises studying.
And lecturing a child who hates to study...
could result in genocide!
Black tentacles?!
Oh crap! He's gone off the deep end!
I'm strong. These tentacles made me stronger than all the rest.
All the rest!
My apologies, Korosensei.
It seems this boy wasn't yet mentally prepared for school.
I know it's his first day and all, but he'll be taking a little break.
Wait!
I can't just let that student go. I'm his teacher!
I shall look after him until he graduates!
And, Shiro-san... I have so very much to ask you.
Sorry, but no. We're leaving.
Or would you stop us by force?
Anti-teacher fibers. You literally cannot touch me.
Don't worry. He'll be back before long.
After all, March is just around the corner.
I'll take on the task of tutoring him at home.
His personality will keep him from escaping that school before the Earth's destruction.
And that class...
How interesting.
They're so unpredictable, like today's sudden bursts of rain.
Oh, how mortifying!
Embarrassed Embarrassed Embarrassed Embarrassed
What's with Korosensei?
Embarrassed Embarrassed
Dunno. He's been like that for a while now.
I'm ashamed to have participated in such a serious development.
I'm far more suited to comic relief!
So you know!
You sure got good and mad.
Where did you get those... those tentacles?!
Oh, please don't say that, Hazama-san!
Just hearing those words again makes me want to run for the hills!
I'm the evasive airhead type! That's my selling point!
Showing my serious side will just ruin my characterization!
Korosensei's Weak Point #19:
Gets embarrassed in the aftermath of serious scenes
It ticks me off that you're deliberately managing your character.
It's so embarrassing!
Still, that was quite a surprise.
Who'd have thought that Itona boy would have tentacles?
C'mon, Korosensei, tell us.
How are you linked to those two?
You've always dodged questions about your true form...
But seeing that really got us wondering.
Yeah! We're your students, aren't we?
Don't we have the right to know a bit more about our teacher?
Then I suppose I'll have to tell you the truth.
The truth is...
I'm an artificial lifeform!
Well, duh.
And?
What kind of a reaction is that?!
Wasn't it a shocking revelation?
Well, like, no natural-born octopus can move at Mach 20.
And if you're not an alien, that's about the only explanation left.
Plus, if Itona-kun said he was your younger brother,
he must have meant he was created after you were.
They're too sharp for me! What frightening children!
We want to know what happened after that, Korosensei.
Why did you get so angry when you saw Itona-kun's tentacles?
Why were you created,
and why did you decide to come here?
Sorry, but I'm afraid there's no point in telling you that now.
If I destroy the Earth, everything you want to know will be as dust in the wind.
On the other hand, if you can save the Earth,
you'll have plenty of opportunities to learn the truth.
If you want to know more, understand that there's only one thing you can do:
kill me.
Assassin and target. Those are the ties that bind us together.
If you're looking for answers to the big questions from me,
the only way you can get them is through assassinations.
If there are no further questions, then we're done for the day.
See you tomorrow.
Oh, how mortifying!
Embarrassed Embarrassed Embarrassed Embarrassed
Embarrassed Embarrassed
We are killers. We search for answers with knife and gun.
I'm so, so embarrassed!
Our target is our teacher—his life, our question.
Oh, I wish I could just disappear!
Yes, the students are unhurt. Make preparations for repairs.
Karasuma-sensei!
What brings all of you here? Quite the crowd, I see.
Um... Can you teach us more assassination skills?
More than you already know?
We always figured somebody would wind up killing Korosensei,
so we didn't take it that seriously ourselves.
Yeah, but when we saw Itona, we realized...
We don't want it to be just anyone. We want to kill him ourselves.
If they bring in another tough assassin,
we'll lose track of what all our hard work has been for.
So we want to kill our teacher the best we can in the time we have left.
We want to kill him and find the answers for ourselves.
What a change in attitude.
Excellent.
All right. Interested students can stay after class for extra training.
It won't be easy.
Yes, sir!
The sun shines The sun shines taiyou ga sasu
taiyou ga sasu
Let's start with some climbing on our new rope!
On the back of my closed eyelids
tozashita mabuta no uragawa ni That's rough!
Begin!
Class 3-E at Kunugigaoka Junior High is the assassination classroom.
Okay, next!
Like that'll work.
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages
akai zanzou akai zanzou Next! Like this!
The rain has let up, and tomorrow the bell will signal the start of another school day.
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag
kawa no kaban ni nooto to pen wo Next!
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Ne xt Ep iso de
Nagisa-kun, Minamoto no Yoritomo and Minamoto no Yoshitsune are among the history's most famous brothers.
Yoshitsune greatly contributed to his clan's victory, but he ended up committing suicide after opposing Yoritomo.
Yoshitsune's tragic life served as a basis for many tales.
Next time on Assassination Classroom: Ball Game Tournament Time.
Episode Ball Game Tournament Time